As the final part of the project, I will record all the changes made to the prior version and summarize this project after receiving some comments and advices from my classmates
and professors. <br />
Porgess:<br />
**How did I receive comments/advices**: From group critiques, my teammates suggested me that I should enrich my stories and make the storyline clear throughout the entire story. Because
my primary purpose is to acknowledge people about the current status of shelter animals and encourage those to adopt over purchase pets, I need to list evidence of shelter animals
needing our attentions in the forms of real stories. Additionally, I met with professor to discuss possible improvements on my project. Professor suggested to me that I should ask 
myself why I decided to do this topic and what do I want to achieve. I then realized what might be missing for me to tell a meaningful story. 
**What did I change:** I reached out to my friend who was the president of one animal rescue team in Beijing for getting more statistics and orginal photos as my sources. I adjusted
the order my story. The outline now is updated as following:<br />
1. Introduction page ( original photo of a stray cat taken by the rescue team )
2. Starting story of why I want to do this topic: A photo of my own pet, purchased from a breeder. I will explain that I thought about adopting another pet from the shelter in PA 
since COVID. However I wish to make the point that I purchased a pet. <br />
3. Introductary statistical page of overall shelter animals in the US : data presented by APSCA
4. Statistics exploring the outcomes of the shelter animals:
5. Story of a senior dog being abandoned and readopted: real story from ASCPA 
6. Introduce the point that people are more likely to adopt kittens and puppies. 
7. Story of xiaohua, an twice abandoned dog who were poorly treated by his owner after him purchaisng a good greed dog

**Updated Outlines:**<br /> 
**Audience:** <br /> The intended audience are two groups of people. 1. Those who are thinking about purchasing a pet from a breeder. I want to target this group because prior to I purchased a pet, I was not fully aware of the conditions of shelter animals. If I had known that a large percentage of shelter animals don't have the chance to be adopted, I would of changed my decision of purchasing a pet from breeders. The more people purchase from breeders, the less likely shelter animals would be adopted. I wish to give them a comprehensive picture for them to make a well-rounded decision。 2. Those who wanted to adopt shelter animals because of COVID. I want to target this group because from the stories my friend told me about those abandoned pets and how adopted animals were sent back to the shelters again, I think people need to be aware of the responsibilities of adopting a shelter animal. It is possible that the animals have post-adandondment effects such as anxieties. And People need to be aware that once they have made the decision of adopting this animal, they need to be responsbile for him or her for about 10 years ( varies based on the age ) and may lose some "freedom" since pets can not travel for a long time.
Personas: Shelly adopted two cats from PA shelter and because these two cats used to live together, she made the decision to adopt them both and rented an extra room for them.<br />
Sara: Sara visited the shelter and decided to adopt Banji who has slight anxiety. She was abandoned because she gets very anxious when goes into a car, her owner decided to abandon her when he had to move to another city by driving. Sara took her home and after had her for a week she realized that banji's anxiety is more sever than she thought. As long as Banji met some new friends(dogs or cats), she would poop and pee in the house. Sara lives by herself and has to work remotely for the day. She realized that she couldn't handle Banji's constant irregular reactions to new things. She called the shelters and returned Banji. Sara adopted Banji thinking that she was more than ready for taking care of Banji, however she didn't realize that Banji's anxiety is this severe. Sara commented that she decided not to have a pet untill she is married where her partners and she can better take care of the pet. <br />
**Call To Actions:** I also changd my call to actions. I placed a checklist at the end for those who wanted to adopt or purchase. They can use this checklist to examine themselves to see whether they are ready to adopt a shelter animal or check whether they should purchase over adopt. Additionally, I will post some resouces for people who are interested to explore because the more people know about what's happening for shelter animals, the less shelter animals there might be. <br />
**References:** <br />
